I know
so Danny naughty gotta came i thinka go
white Oh Ted don't worry master you
churchmen you fail
coochie give up Cindy doctor kid a
tamato berry Trivedi nano caneva Tata Oh
gonna believe us chicken cheerio mother
- and oh yo suah yo yo chicken since lo
our au niveau de cámara newly won he
tells us a day the darkness
yokas on our ka la vita guardo said Ryan
OOV minute Redis
King helped Anna how you get to stick it
aside
hey is the solution
hey it's got a she got Ogawa get sticky
minted
chicken dog so side in there corrosion
is colliding de nada Lindsey Deaton
omaeda
trio cordosa well Troma hogni Vashta
reason I
[Applause]
chuckles consider Kissinger instantly
Nanoka calm no this again
you
[Applause]